W-16734939-Add-new-debugger-settings-CP (#567)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/setting-inaccessible-fields.adoc

> = Setting Inaccessible Fields 

Reviewer: I think that we could be more precise with a title like "Inaccesible field handling" or something that states that these properties define the Debugger's behaviour regarding inaccesible fields (not totally sure about this one, so you can let as it is if you think is better).0.

Author: I like your suggestion! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Improve your Mule project running on Java 17 or later by configuring the Studio debugger to hide inaccessible fields and methods.

> * Hide inaccessible fields: Focus on relevant and accessible data to make the debugging process more efficient. Avoid accessing fields you can't interact with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hide inaccessible fields:
+
Focus on relevant and accessible data to make the debugging process more efficient. Avoid accessing fields you can't interact with.
```

Reviewer 2: Use an extra space after the bullet for easier scanning.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * Hide public methods invoked to retrieve inaccessible field values: Maintain the security and integrity of your application by avoiding access to or modification of data through methods not intended for public use.

Reviewer: Actually, this property is only intended to reduce the verbosity of the debugger output. When unable to access a field, the Debugger tries to call public methods that may offer the value of that field. This property is to not mention which method was used, in case the user is not interested in knowing (and reducing noise on the screen).

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * Hide public methods invoked to retrieve inaccessible field values: Reduce the verbosity of the debugger output. When the debugger is unable to directly access a field, it attempts to call public methods that can provide the value of that field. If enabled, the debugger doesn't display the method used to retrieve the field value. This helps to minimize clutter and noise on the screen, making the debugging process cleaner and more focused.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Hide public methods invoked to retrieve inaccessible field values: Reduce the verbosity of the debugger output. When the debugger can't directly access a field, it attempts to call public methods that can provide the value of that field. If enabled, the debugger doesn't show the method used to retrieve the field value. This helps to minimize clutter and noise on the screen, making the debugging process cleaner and more focused.
```

Reviewer 2: Avoid using "This" as the subject.

Author: OK! Thanks!
